The city boat tour costs 12 per person.
The city boat tour is available from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.
The first city boat tour starts at 9:00 AM.
The last city boat tour starts at 4:30 PM.
The city boat tour takes 25 minutes.
The city boat tour is in English.
City boat tours in the afternoon are usually booked!
The city boat tour is great for families!
The city bus tour costs 20 per person.
The ticket for the city bus is valid for two days!
The city bus tour is available from 10:00 AM to 9:00 PM.
The first city bus tour starts at 10:00 AM. Then, it starts every 30 minutes.
The last city bus tour starts at 8:00 PM.
The city bus tour takes one hour.
The city bus tour is in English.
The city bus tour stops at famous historical monuments, such as the Bath Abbey, the River Avon and the Great Pulteney Bridge.
Tickets for the Holburne Museum cost 12.50 for adults and 7.50 for children under 12.
The Holburne Museum is open from 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM on weekdays.
The Holburne Museum is open from 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM on weekends.
The Holburne Museum is open daily.
The Holburne Museum has a great art collection.
The Holburne Museum has both modern and antique art.
Tickets for the Museum of Bath Architecture are 15 euros for adults and children under 12.
The Museum of Bath Architecture does not have discounts for tickets.
The Museum of Bath Architecture is open from 12:00 PM to 6:00 PM on weekdays.
The Museum of Bath Architecture is closed on Saturdays and Sundays.
The Museum of Bath Architecture is great if you love architecture and design!
The Museum of Bath Architecture shows a history of Bath’s buildings.
The Bath Abbey tickets are 5 euros per person. 
The Bath Abbey does not have discounts for tickets.
The Bath Abbey is open on Monday to Saturday from 10:00 AM to 3:45 PM.
The Bath Abbey is not open for tours on Sundays.
The Bath Abbey is a famous medieval church in England.
It is free to walk on the Great Pulteney Bridge.
Our City Boat Tour and the City Bus Tour stop at the Great Pulteney Bridge.
The shops on the Great Pulteney Bridge are open all day.
There are many shops on the Great Pulteney Bridge.
The Great Pulteney Bridge is a popular place for tourists.
On weekdays, tickets for the Roman Baths are 10 euros per person and 8 euros per person on weekends.
The Roman Baths are open from 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM everyday.
The Roman Baths are very popular for tourists!
The Roman Baths are a very old historical monument.

The Bath Visitor’s Center is offering a CityPass ticket for 50 euros per person.
With our CityPass, you can see all of the attractions with just one ticket.
You have three days to use the CityPass ticket.

Many tourists choose to go on our boat tour.
Our bus tour is popular in the summer.
The Roman Baths are my favorite thing to see in Bath.
You can shop on the Great Pulteney Bridge.
Bath Abbey is a quiet place. Kids usually don’t like it!
Our special offer ticket is a great way to see everything.

There is a great restaurant around the corner. It’s Called “Sally O’s”. You should go there!
Sally O’s Restaurant is my favorite place to have lunch in Bath.
Sally O’s Restaurant has great prices and excellent food.
Sally O’s Restaurant is perfect for families.
Sally O's atmosphere is nice and casual.

We are open from 6:00 AM to 9:00 PM.
I work from 7:00 AM to 3:00 PM.

The Holburne museum is open right now. You can take the A31 bus to get there. Bus tickets cost 3.50.

We have a boat tour of Bath on the River Anon at 3:00 PM and a bus tour of Bath at 4:00 PM.